falling apart
Oh Draculaura stealing my heart
hot-dogging will be make me hallowed the
moon mission this the booth
I killed and now you so big I'll even
though you act so far and do such circle
time these are my boobs my skeleton Krew
a little strange so are you
oh she's gonna love this
get ready for another of Claudia's wild
adventures who DSS
I was summoned London castle by the
Queen herself when the Queen invites you
to a royal ball you'd think that maybe
someone would be having fun
you are majesty oh I can explain Oh
again oh this is quite fun oh we've had
a ball and that's when I met legendary
ocean explorer Jacques Cousteau dreamy
can't wait for the next email but see
what happens
howleen still thinks the adventures
Claudia writes are real so be totally
embarrassed when she learns that they're
not true come on it's not a problem
yuck and I had a great time exploring
the sea
his hat the lobe of wood so hi Dobie do
fetch it but hi Jess
Quinn found it so I was forced to
wrestle him getting the head back and
win it the underwater wrestling
championship did you ever hear such a
story still don't think it's a problem
so we have to break the news gently so
she's not totally embarrassed right
students report to the claw at aureum to
hear howleen read her sister Claudia's
latest adventure yuck took me to his
Island to celebrate and that's where
staff I'm in the middle of one of
Claudia's stories about those stories
that kind of um to the untrue made up I
I know our sister is a write up the
whole school knows oh well then oh we
should go uh-huh oh I got it
that will make a claw some next
adventure
you